Update changelog for v8.1.4 (#9846)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: CHANGELOG.md

- [#9696](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9696): normalize deprecated itcss font styles
- [#9697](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9697): normalize page font styles
- [#9740](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9740): Standardize network settings page
- [#9750](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9750): Make swap arrows accessible, make swaps advanced options accessible
- [#9766](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9766): Use 1px borders on inputs and buttons
- [#9767](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9767): Remove border radius from transfer button
- [#9764](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9764): Update custom RPC network dropdown icons
- [#9763](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9763): Add confirmation for network dropdown delete action
- [#9583](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9583): Use `chainId` for incoming transactions controller
- [#9748](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9748): Autofocus input, improve accessibility of restore page

> - [#9778](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9778): Shorten unit input with and overflow and ellipsis it

Reviewer: Typo "with" -> "width"

Author: Updated!

Author: Updated again - I made another typo in the first update :facepalm:

- [#9780](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9780): Display decimal chain ID in network form
- [#9599](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9599): Use MetaSwap API for gas price estimation in swaps
- [#9518](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9518): Make all UI tabs accessible via keyboard
- [#9808](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9808): Always allow overwriting invalid custom RPC chain ID
- [#9812](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9812): Fix send header cancel button alignment
- [#9271](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9271): Do not check popupIsOpen on Vivaldi
- [#9306](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9306): Fix UI crash when dapp submits negative gas price
- [#9257](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9257): Add sort and search to AddRecipient accounts list
- [#9367](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9367): Add custom Ledger HD path option
- [#9824](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9824): Move `externally_connectable` from base to Chrome manifest

> - [#9815](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9815): Add support for rpcUrl with basic auth

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [#9815](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/pull/9815): Add support for custom network RPC URL with basic auth
```

Author: Good catch! This has been updated
